README.md, before:

# awesome-learning
[![Awesome](https://cdn.rawgit.com/sindresorhus/awesome/d7305f38d29fed78fa85652e3a63e154dd8e8829/media/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/TheRemoteLab/awesome-learning.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/TheRemoteLab/awesome-learning)
![DevOps](https://img.shields.io/badge/Build%20For-DevOps-blue.svg)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-CC%204.0-brightgreen.svg)](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/4.0/)
[![Slack](https://img.shields.io/badge/Community-Slack-orange.svg)](https://letsdevops.slack.com)

... because learning DevOps is awesome

![learning](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/8342133/12172223/a0db04b8-b575-11e5-9dfd-51fbf7c58de8.gif)

=======================================================================================================================

### Hello world! We will try our best to make sure this is the finest curated list of all DevOps resources at one place. Help us by fixing our mistakes and adding more useful links. Thanks!



| [Philosophy](#philosophy) :thought_balloon: | [Processes](#processes) :speech_balloon: | [Source Code Management](#source-code-management) :octocat: | [Build Automation](#build-automation) :arrows_counterclockwise: | [Continuous Integration](#continuous-integration) :arrows_counterclockwise: | [Continuous Delivery](#continuous-delivery) :arrows_counterclockwise: |
|---------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------|
|                                             |                                          |                                                             |                                                                 |                                                                            |                                                                       |

| [Infrastructure As Code](#infrastructure-as-code) :loop: | [Monitoring](#monitoring) :bar_chart: | [Logging](#logging) :page_facing_up: | [IAAS Providers](#iaas-providers) :cloud: | [PAAS Providers](#paas-providers) :cloud: | [Containerisation](#containerisation) :ship: |
|---------------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------|--------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------|
|                                                         |                                       |                                      |                                           |                                           |                                              |

| [MicroServices](#microservices) :microscope: | [Anti Patterns](#anti-patterns) :no_entry_sign: | [Security](#security) :lock: | [Languages](#languages) :pencil: | [Books](#books) :books: | [Slide Presentations](#slide-presentations) | [Videos](#videos) :tv: |
|----------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------|------------------------------|----------------------------------|---------------------------------------------|--------------------------|-----------------------|
|                                              |                                                 |                                  |                         |                                              |                                                 |                                  |


* [Conferences and Meet-ups](#conferences) :video_camera:

* [Contributing](#contributing)
* [License](#license)

## Philosophy

- [ ] [Five years, building a culture, and handing it off](http://laughingmeme.org/2015/08/31/five-years-building-a-culture-and-handing-it-off/)
- [ ] [3 characteristics of an effective cloud developer](http://www.thoughtsoncloud.com/2015/10/3-characteristics-of-an-effective-cloud-developer/)

## Processes

- [ ] [I want to be a DevOps!](http://brassy.net/articles/getting-in-to-devops/)
- [ ] [Hiring a Cloud Engineer? Questions to Ask and What You Should Hear](https://medium.com/aws-activate-startup-blog/hiring-a-cloud-engineer-questions-to-ask-and-what-you-should-hear-12a960d97163)
- [ ] [How To Write A Good Status Update](http://blog.statuspage.io/how-to-write-a-good-status-update)
- [ ] [Communication and Collaboration across teams](http://theremotelab.com/blog/slack+trello/)
- [ ] [5 Expert Recommendations when Hiring a DevOps Engineer](http://blog.flux7.com/5-expert-recommendations-when-hiring-a-devops-engineer)

## Source Code Management

- [ ] [Gitignore examples - Ignoring what shouldn't go inside your codebase](https://github.com/github/gitignore)
- [ ] [Contributing to Open Source on GitHub](https://guides.github.com/activities/contributing-to-open-source/)
- [ ] [Useful Git Workflows - Comparison as well](https://www.atlassian.com/git/tutorials/comparing-workflows/)
- [ ] [GitHub Training & Guides](https://vimeo.com/channels/githubguides)
- [ ] [Versioning 101](http://semver.org/)
- [ ] [Forking Vs Branching](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/3611256/forking-vs-branching-in-github)
- [ ] [How is SVN v 1.8 branching / merging compared to Git?](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/19333088/how-is-svn-v-1-8-branching-merging-compared-to-git)
- [ ] [Code Reviews - Git Pull Requests Vs Gerrit](https://julien.danjou.info/blog/2013/rant-about-github-pull-request-workflow-implementation)
- [ ] [Zappr - Approvals for Github PRs - By Zalando](https://zappr.opensource.zalan.do/login)

## Build Automation:

## Continuous Integration:

- [ ] [CI Using Docker platform - Jenkins, SonarQube, Nexus, Gitlab](https://blog.codecentric.de/en/2015/10/continuous-integration-platform-using-docker-container-jenkins-sonarqube-nexus-gitlab/)
- [ ] [Six rules for setting up continuous integration systems](https://rhonabwy.com/2016/01/31/six-rules-for-setting-up-continuous-integration-systems/)

## Continuous Delivery:

- [ ] [A skeptic’s guide to continuous delivery](http://blogs.atlassian.com/tag/cd-skeptics/)
- [ ] [Continuous Delivery - Jez Humble](http://www.devopsdays.org/blog/wp-content/uploads/2010/11/jez-humble-continuous_delivery_devopsdays_2010.pdf)
- [ ] [CD using Jenkins DSL Plugin](https://blog.codecentric.de/en/2015/01/continuous-delivery-microservices-jenkins-job-dsl-plugin/)


## Infrastructure As Code:


- [ ] [Why Bosh? I just learnt Chef!](https://speakerdeck.com/drnic/why-bosh-i-just-learnt-chef)
- [ ] [Chef - Tips and Tricks -1](https://raymii.org/s/tutorials/Chef_search_in_recipe_on_roles_or_recipes.html)
- [ ] [Chef - Tips and Tricks -2](http://dougireton.com/blog/2013/02/03/knife-tricks/)
- [ ] [Chef - Best Practices -2](http://www.prashantrajan.com/2013/06/14/leveling-up-chef-best-practices.html)
- [ ] [Chef - Best Practices -3](http://serverfault.com/questions/314990/chef-best-practices-questions)
- [ ] [Chef - Cookbook versioning - 1](http://serverfault.com/questions/513976/best-strategy-to-keep-chef-cookbooks-versions-under-control)
- [ ] [Chef - Cookbook versioning - 2](https://docs.chef.io/cookbook_versions.html)
- [ ] [Chef- Do's and Don'ts](http://railsware.com/blog/2013/02/21/chef-dos-and-donts/)
- [ ] [TDD with Chef - Overview](https://www.chef.io/blog/2015/04/21/overview-of-test-driven-infrastructure-with-chef/)
- [ ] [Test Kitchen - Developing and testing infrastructure code](https://github.com/test-kitchen/test-kitchen)
- [ ] [Chef and Jenkins -1](https://atomic-penguin.github.io/blog/2014/04/29/stupid-jenkins-and-chef-tricks-part-1-rubocop/)
- [ ] [Chef and Jenkins -2](https://atomic-penguin.github.io/blog/2014/05/16/stupid-jenkins-tricks-part-2-cookbook-pipelines/)
- [ ] [Foodcritic - Helpful lint tool](http://www.foodcritic.io/)
- [ ] [Chef Vs Puppet](http://pierrerambaud.com/blog/devops/chef-vs-puppet)


## Monitoring:

- [ ] [Taming Icinga 2 for distributed monitoring](https://github.com/saurabh-hirani/icinga2-api-examples)

## Logging:

## IAAS Providers:

### AWS:

- [ ] [5 AWS Mistakes You Should Avoid](https://cloudonaut.io/5-aws-mistakes-you-should-avoid/)
- [ ] [AWS Route 53 Best Practices](https://cloudnative.io/blog/2015/03/aws-route-53-best-practices/)
- [ ] [A Beginner's Guide to Scaling to 11 Million+ Users on Amazon's AWS](http://highscalability.com/blog/2016/1/11/a-beginners-guide-to-scaling-to-11-million-users-on-amazons.html)
- [ ] [Rolling Update with AWS CloudFormation](https://cloudonaut.io/rolling-update-with-aws-cloudformation/)
- [ ] [AWS Shell](https://github.com/awslabs/aws-shell)
- [ ] [AWS Inspector - Security](http://theremotelab.com/blog/aws-inspector-introduction/)
- [ ] [AWS VPC - Fundamentals](http://theremotelab.com/blog/aws-vpc-concepts/)


## Scalability

- [ ] [Internet Scale Services Checklist](https://gist.github.com/acolyer/95ef23802803cb8b4eb5)
- [ ] [How to build stable systems](https://medium.com/@jlouis666/how-to-build-stable-systems-6fe9dcf32fc4#.hvzrpdbw2)
- [ ] [Zookeeper](http://www.slideshare.net/scottleber/apache-zookeeper)
- [ ] [Haproxy Best Practices](http://www.slideshare.net/haproxytech/haproxy-best-practice)

## PAAS Providers:

- [ ] [PaaSTA: An Open, Distributed, Platform as a Service](http://engineeringblog.yelp.com/2015/11/introducing-paasta-an-open-platform-as-a-service.html)

## Containerisation:

- [ ] [Decisions needed to run Docker in Production](http://blog.cloud66.com/9-crtitical-decisions-needed-to-run-docker-in-production/)
- [ ] [LXC Introduction](https://linuxcontainers.org/lxc/introduction/)
- [ ] [Dockerfile for beginners](theremotelab.com/blog/dockerfile-for-beginners/)
- [ ] [Docker - Intermediate and Dangling Images](http://theremotelab.com/blog/intermediate-dangling-docker-images/)
- [ ] [Learn the Kubernetes Key Concepts in 10 Minutes](http://omerio.com/2015/12/18/learn-the-kubernetes-key-concepts-in-10-minutes/)
- [ ] [Version control your development databases in docker](https://github.com/ClusterHQ/dvol)
- [ ] [Dockerfile Linter](https://github.com/lukasmartinelli/hadolint)
- [ ] [Namespaces Overview](http://lwn.net/Articles/531114/)
- [ ] [User namespaces have arrived in Docker!](http://integratedcode.us/2015/10/13/user-namespaces-have-arrived-in-docker/)
- [ ] [Vagrant Or Docker?](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/16647069/should-i-use-vagrant-or-docker-for-creating-an-isolated-environment)
- [ ] [Docker Vs Virtual Machine](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/16047306/how-is-docker-different-from-a-normal-virtual-machine)
- [ ] [Containers are not VMs](https://blog.docker.com/2016/03/containers-are-not-vms/)
- [ ] [Containers and VMs Together](https://blog.docker.com/2016/04/containers-and-vms-together/)
- [ ] [Docker and 12FA -  A perfect Couple](https://medium.com/@kelseyhightower/12-fractured-apps-1080c73d481c#.ex6xwlqy2)

## Microservices:

- [ ] [Creating a Microservice? Answer these 10 Questions First](https://www.datawire.io/creating-a-microservice-answer-these-10-questions-first/)


## Anti Patterns:

- [ ] [Chef Cookbook anti-patterns](http://dougireton.com/blog/2013/02/16/chef-cookbook-anti-patterns/)
- [ ] [Why Chef roles aren't evil?](https://www.chef.io/blog/2013/11/19/chef-roles-arent-evil/)

## Security

- [ ] [Streisand - sets up a brand new server running a wide variety of anti-censorship software](https://github.com/jlund/streisand)
- [ ] [Install, configure and automatically renew Let's Encrypt SSL certificate](https://vincent.composieux.fr/article/install-configure-and-automatically-renew-let-s-encrypt-ssl-certificate)
- [ ] [Security Guide: How to Protect Your Infrastructure Against the Basic Attacker](http://blog.mailgun.com/security-guide-basic-infrastructure-security/)

## Languages:

### Python

* Python 2.7 - https://docs.python.org/2/tutorial/
* Curated Python Learning Resources - https://hackr.io/tutorials/learn-python/

### Ruby

* http://tryruby.org/levels/1/challenges/0

### Golang:

- [ ] [A curated list of awesome Go frameworks](https://github.com/avelino/awesome-go)
- [ ] [Go programming language tour](https://tour.golang.org/)

### Shell

- [ ] [ShellCheck - A shell script static analysis tool](https://github.com/koalaman/shellcheck)

## Distributed Systems:

- [ ] [Distributed Systems Are a UX Problem](http://bravenewgeek.com/distributed-systems-are-a-ux-problem/)

## Bots:

- [ ] [Lita](https://www.lita.io/)
- [ ] [Err](http://errbot.io/)



## Books:

- [ ] [Books to become a better Infrastructure Developer](https://github.com/stack72/ops-books)

## Slide Presentations:

## Videos:

## Conferences:

## Contributing:

Contributions are most welcome!

This list is just getting started, please contribute to make it super awesome.

Check out the [Contributing Guidelines](https://github.com/TheRemoteLab/awesome-learning/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md).

## License:

  <a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/4.0/"><img alt="Creative Commons License" style="border-width:0" src="https://i.creativecommons.org/l/by-nc/4.0/88x31.png" /></a><br /><span xmlns:dct="http://purl.org/dc/terms/" href="http://purl.org/dc/dcmitype/InteractiveResource" property="dct:title" rel="dct:type">awesome-learning</span> by <a xmlns:cc="http://creativecommons.org" href="http://www.linkedin.com/company/the-remote-lab" property="cc:attributionName" rel="cc:attributionURL">The Remote Lab</a> is licensed under a <a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/4.0/">Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial 4.0 International License</a>.

Commit message:

Added articles from faun aka. DevopsLinks
Added Articles 'The Must Know Checklist For DevOps & Site Reliability Engineers'

README.md, after:

# awesome-learning
[![Awesome](https://cdn.rawgit.com/sindresorhus/awesome/d7305f38d29fed78fa85652e3a63e154dd8e8829/media/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/TheRemoteLab/awesome-learning.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/TheRemoteLab/awesome-learning)
![DevOps](https://img.shields.io/badge/Build%20For-DevOps-blue.svg)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-CC%204.0-brightgreen.svg)](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/4.0/)
[![Slack](https://img.shields.io/badge/Community-Slack-orange.svg)](https://letsdevops.slack.com)

... because learning DevOps is awesome

![learning](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/8342133/12172223/a0db04b8-b575-11e5-9dfd-51fbf7c58de8.gif)

=======================================================================================================================

### Hello world! We will try our best to make sure this is the finest curated list of all DevOps resources at one place. Help us by fixing our mistakes and adding more useful links. Thanks!



| [Philosophy](#philosophy) :thought_balloon: | [Processes](#processes) :speech_balloon: | [Source Code Management](#source-code-management) :octocat: | [Build Automation](#build-automation) :arrows_counterclockwise: | [Continuous Integration](#continuous-integration) :arrows_counterclockwise: | [Continuous Delivery](#continuous-delivery) :arrows_counterclockwise: |
|---------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------|
|                                             |                                          |                                                             |                                                                 |                                                                            |                                                                       |

| [Infrastructure As Code](#infrastructure-as-code) :loop: | [Monitoring](#monitoring) :bar_chart: | [Logging](#logging) :page_facing_up: | [IAAS Providers](#iaas-providers) :cloud: | [PAAS Providers](#paas-providers) :cloud: | [Containerisation](#containerisation) :ship: |
|---------------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------|--------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------|
|                                                         |                                       |                                      |                                           |                                           |                                              |

| [MicroServices](#microservices) :microscope: | [Anti Patterns](#anti-patterns) :no_entry_sign: | [Security](#security) :lock: | [Languages](#languages) :pencil: | [Books](#books) :books: | [Slide Presentations](#slide-presentations) | [Videos](#videos) :tv: |
|----------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------|------------------------------|----------------------------------|---------------------------------------------|--------------------------|-----------------------|
|                                              |                                                 |                                  |                         |                                              |                                                 |                                  |


* [Conferences and Meet-ups](#conferences) :video_camera:

* [Contributing](#contributing)
* [License](#license)

## Philosophy

- [ ] [Five years, building a culture, and handing it off](http://laughingmeme.org/2015/08/31/five-years-building-a-culture-and-handing-it-off/)
- [ ] [3 characteristics of an effective cloud developer](http://www.thoughtsoncloud.com/2015/10/3-characteristics-of-an-effective-cloud-developer/)
- [ ] [The Must Know Checklist For DevOps & Site Reliability Engineers](https://medium.com/faun/the-must-know-checklist-for-devops-system-reliability-engineers-f74c1cbf259d)

## Processes

- [ ] [I want to be a DevOps!](http://brassy.net/articles/getting-in-to-devops/)
- [ ] [Hiring a Cloud Engineer? Questions to Ask and What You Should Hear](https://medium.com/aws-activate-startup-blog/hiring-a-cloud-engineer-questions-to-ask-and-what-you-should-hear-12a960d97163)
- [ ] [How To Write A Good Status Update](http://blog.statuspage.io/how-to-write-a-good-status-update)
- [ ] [Communication and Collaboration across teams](http://theremotelab.com/blog/slack+trello/)
- [ ] [5 Expert Recommendations when Hiring a DevOps Engineer](http://blog.flux7.com/5-expert-recommendations-when-hiring-a-devops-engineer)

## Source Code Management

- [ ] [Gitignore examples - Ignoring what shouldn't go inside your codebase](https://github.com/github/gitignore)
- [ ] [Contributing to Open Source on GitHub](https://guides.github.com/activities/contributing-to-open-source/)
- [ ] [Useful Git Workflows - Comparison as well](https://www.atlassian.com/git/tutorials/comparing-workflows/)
- [ ] [GitHub Training & Guides](https://vimeo.com/channels/githubguides)
- [ ] [Versioning 101](http://semver.org/)
- [ ] [Forking Vs Branching](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/3611256/forking-vs-branching-in-github)
- [ ] [How is SVN v 1.8 branching / merging compared to Git?](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/19333088/how-is-svn-v-1-8-branching-merging-compared-to-git)
- [ ] [Code Reviews - Git Pull Requests Vs Gerrit](https://julien.danjou.info/blog/2013/rant-about-github-pull-request-workflow-implementation)
- [ ] [Zappr - Approvals for Github PRs - By Zalando](https://zappr.opensource.zalan.do/login)

## Build Automation:

## Continuous Integration:

- [ ] [CI Using Docker platform - Jenkins, SonarQube, Nexus, Gitlab](https://blog.codecentric.de/en/2015/10/continuous-integration-platform-using-docker-container-jenkins-sonarqube-nexus-gitlab/)
- [ ] [Six rules for setting up continuous integration systems](https://rhonabwy.com/2016/01/31/six-rules-for-setting-up-continuous-integration-systems/)

## Continuous Delivery:

- [ ] [A skeptic’s guide to continuous delivery](http://blogs.atlassian.com/tag/cd-skeptics/)
- [ ] [Continuous Delivery - Jez Humble](http://www.devopsdays.org/blog/wp-content/uploads/2010/11/jez-humble-continuous_delivery_devopsdays_2010.pdf)
- [ ] [CD using Jenkins DSL Plugin](https://blog.codecentric.de/en/2015/01/continuous-delivery-microservices-jenkins-job-dsl-plugin/)


## Infrastructure As Code:


- [ ] [Why Bosh? I just learnt Chef!](https://speakerdeck.com/drnic/why-bosh-i-just-learnt-chef)
- [ ] [Chef - Tips and Tricks -1](https://raymii.org/s/tutorials/Chef_search_in_recipe_on_roles_or_recipes.html)
- [ ] [Chef - Tips and Tricks -2](http://dougireton.com/blog/2013/02/03/knife-tricks/)
- [ ] [Chef - Best Practices -2](http://www.prashantrajan.com/2013/06/14/leveling-up-chef-best-practices.html)
- [ ] [Chef - Best Practices -3](http://serverfault.com/questions/314990/chef-best-practices-questions)
- [ ] [Chef - Cookbook versioning - 1](http://serverfault.com/questions/513976/best-strategy-to-keep-chef-cookbooks-versions-under-control)
- [ ] [Chef - Cookbook versioning - 2](https://docs.chef.io/cookbook_versions.html)
- [ ] [Chef- Do's and Don'ts](http://railsware.com/blog/2013/02/21/chef-dos-and-donts/)
- [ ] [TDD with Chef - Overview](https://www.chef.io/blog/2015/04/21/overview-of-test-driven-infrastructure-with-chef/)
- [ ] [Test Kitchen - Developing and testing infrastructure code](https://github.com/test-kitchen/test-kitchen)
- [ ] [Chef and Jenkins -1](https://atomic-penguin.github.io/blog/2014/04/29/stupid-jenkins-and-chef-tricks-part-1-rubocop/)
- [ ] [Chef and Jenkins -2](https://atomic-penguin.github.io/blog/2014/05/16/stupid-jenkins-tricks-part-2-cookbook-pipelines/)
- [ ] [Foodcritic - Helpful lint tool](http://www.foodcritic.io/)
- [ ] [Chef Vs Puppet](http://pierrerambaud.com/blog/devops/chef-vs-puppet)


## Monitoring:

- [ ] [Taming Icinga 2 for distributed monitoring](https://github.com/saurabh-hirani/icinga2-api-examples)

## Logging:

## IAAS Providers:

### AWS:

- [ ] [5 AWS Mistakes You Should Avoid](https://cloudonaut.io/5-aws-mistakes-you-should-avoid/)
- [ ] [AWS Route 53 Best Practices](https://cloudnative.io/blog/2015/03/aws-route-53-best-practices/)
- [ ] [A Beginner's Guide to Scaling to 11 Million+ Users on Amazon's AWS](http://highscalability.com/blog/2016/1/11/a-beginners-guide-to-scaling-to-11-million-users-on-amazons.html)
- [ ] [Rolling Update with AWS CloudFormation](https://cloudonaut.io/rolling-update-with-aws-cloudformation/)
- [ ] [AWS Shell](https://github.com/awslabs/aws-shell)
- [ ] [AWS Inspector - Security](http://theremotelab.com/blog/aws-inspector-introduction/)
- [ ] [AWS VPC - Fundamentals](http://theremotelab.com/blog/aws-vpc-concepts/)


## Scalability

- [ ] [Internet Scale Services Checklist](https://gist.github.com/acolyer/95ef23802803cb8b4eb5)
- [ ] [How to build stable systems](https://medium.com/@jlouis666/how-to-build-stable-systems-6fe9dcf32fc4#.hvzrpdbw2)
- [ ] [Zookeeper](http://www.slideshare.net/scottleber/apache-zookeeper)
- [ ] [Haproxy Best Practices](http://www.slideshare.net/haproxytech/haproxy-best-practice)

## PAAS Providers:

- [ ] [PaaSTA: An Open, Distributed, Platform as a Service](http://engineeringblog.yelp.com/2015/11/introducing-paasta-an-open-platform-as-a-service.html)

## Containerisation:

- [ ] [Decisions needed to run Docker in Production](http://blog.cloud66.com/9-crtitical-decisions-needed-to-run-docker-in-production/)
- [ ] [LXC Introduction](https://linuxcontainers.org/lxc/introduction/)
- [ ] [Dockerfile for beginners](theremotelab.com/blog/dockerfile-for-beginners/)
- [ ] [Docker - Intermediate and Dangling Images](http://theremotelab.com/blog/intermediate-dangling-docker-images/)
- [ ] [Learn the Kubernetes Key Concepts in 10 Minutes](http://omerio.com/2015/12/18/learn-the-kubernetes-key-concepts-in-10-minutes/)
- [ ] [Version control your development databases in docker](https://github.com/ClusterHQ/dvol)
- [ ] [Dockerfile Linter](https://github.com/lukasmartinelli/hadolint)
- [ ] [Namespaces Overview](http://lwn.net/Articles/531114/)
- [ ] [User namespaces have arrived in Docker!](http://integratedcode.us/2015/10/13/user-namespaces-have-arrived-in-docker/)
- [ ] [Vagrant Or Docker?](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/16647069/should-i-use-vagrant-or-docker-for-creating-an-isolated-environment)
- [ ] [Docker Vs Virtual Machine](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/16047306/how-is-docker-different-from-a-normal-virtual-machine)
- [ ] [Containers are not VMs](https://blog.docker.com/2016/03/containers-are-not-vms/)
- [ ] [Containers and VMs Together](https://blog.docker.com/2016/04/containers-and-vms-together/)
- [ ] [Docker and 12FA -  A perfect Couple](https://medium.com/@kelseyhightower/12-fractured-apps-1080c73d481c#.ex6xwlqy2)

## Microservices:

- [ ] [Creating a Microservice? Answer these 10 Questions First](https://www.datawire.io/creating-a-microservice-answer-these-10-questions-first/)


## Anti Patterns:

- [ ] [Chef Cookbook anti-patterns](http://dougireton.com/blog/2013/02/16/chef-cookbook-anti-patterns/)
- [ ] [Why Chef roles aren't evil?](https://www.chef.io/blog/2013/11/19/chef-roles-arent-evil/)

## Security

- [ ] [Streisand - sets up a brand new server running a wide variety of anti-censorship software](https://github.com/jlund/streisand)
- [ ] [Install, configure and automatically renew Let's Encrypt SSL certificate](https://vincent.composieux.fr/article/install-configure-and-automatically-renew-let-s-encrypt-ssl-certificate)
- [ ] [Security Guide: How to Protect Your Infrastructure Against the Basic Attacker](http://blog.mailgun.com/security-guide-basic-infrastructure-security/)

## Languages:

### Python

* Python 2.7 - https://docs.python.org/2/tutorial/
* Curated Python Learning Resources - https://hackr.io/tutorials/learn-python/

### Ruby

* http://tryruby.org/levels/1/challenges/0

### Golang:

- [ ] [A curated list of awesome Go frameworks](https://github.com/avelino/awesome-go)
- [ ] [Go programming language tour](https://tour.golang.org/)

### Shell

- [ ] [ShellCheck - A shell script static analysis tool](https://github.com/koalaman/shellcheck)

## Distributed Systems:

- [ ] [Distributed Systems Are a UX Problem](http://bravenewgeek.com/distributed-systems-are-a-ux-problem/)

## Bots:

- [ ] [Lita](https://www.lita.io/)
- [ ] [Err](http://errbot.io/)



## Books:

- [ ] [Books to become a better Infrastructure Developer](https://github.com/stack72/ops-books)

## Slide Presentations:

## Videos:

## Conferences:

## Contributing:

Contributions are most welcome!

This list is just getting started, please contribute to make it super awesome.

Check out the [Contributing Guidelines](https://github.com/TheRemoteLab/awesome-learning/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md).

## License:

  <a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/4.0/"><img alt="Creative Commons License" style="border-width:0" src="https://i.creativecommons.org/l/by-nc/4.0/88x31.png" /></a><br /><span xmlns:dct="http://purl.org/dc/terms/" href="http://purl.org/dc/dcmitype/InteractiveResource" property="dct:title" rel="dct:type">awesome-learning</span> by <a xmlns:cc="http://creativecommons.org" href="http://www.linkedin.com/company/the-remote-lab" property="cc:attributionName" rel="cc:attributionURL">The Remote Lab</a> is licensed under a <a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/4.0/">Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial 4.0 International License</a>.
